Code	Indicator Name	Short definition	Long definition	Source	Topic	Periodicity	Aggregation method	Limitations and exceptions	General comments
GC.BAL.CASH.CD	Fiscal balance, cash surplus/deficit (current US$)	Cash surplus or deficit is revenue (including grants) minus expense, minus net acquisition of nonfinancial assets. In the 1986 GFS manual nonfinancial assets were included under revenue and expenditure in gross terms. This cash surplus or deficit is closest to the earlier overall budget balance (still missing is lending minus repayments, which are now a financing item under net acquisition of financial assets).	Cash surplus or deficit is revenue (including grants) minus expense, minus net acquisition of nonfinancial assets. In the 1986 GFS manual nonfinancial assets were included under revenue and expenditure in gross terms. This cash surplus or deficit is closest to the earlier overall budget balance (still missing is lending minus repayments, which are now a financing item under net acquisition of financial assets).	International Monetary Fund, Government Finance Statistics Yearbook and data files.	Public Sector: Government finance: Deficit & financing	Annual			
GCI.10THPILLAR.XQ	10th pillar: Market size	This indicator is a derived from the following indicators: (a) Domestic market size index  (b) Foreign market size index. 	This indicator is a derived from the following indicators: (a) Domestic market size index  (b) Foreign market size index.   	The Global Competitiveness Report: various issues (http://gcr.weforum.org/).	Public Sector: Policy & institutions	Annual			Two types of data are used in the GCI: (a) Survey data:These data are the results drawn from the World Economic Forum’s Executive Opinion Survey. (b) Hard data: These data come from indicators obtained from a variety of sources.  
GCI.11THPILLAR.XQ	11th pillar: Business sophistication	This indicator is a derived from the following indicators:  (a) Local supplier quantity (b) Local supplier quality (c) State of cluster development (d) Nature of competitive advantage (e) Value chain breadth (f)  Control of international distribution (g) Production process sophistication (h) Extent of marketing and (i) Willingness to delegate authority.	This indicator is a derived from the following indicators:  (a) Local supplier quantity (b) Local supplier quality (c) State of cluster development (d) Nature of competitive advantage (e) Value chain breadth (f)  Control of international distribution (g) Production process sophistication (h) Extent of marketing and (i) Willingness to delegate authority.	The Global Competitiveness Report: various issues (http://gcr.weforum.org/).	Public Sector: Policy & institutions	Annual			Two types of data are used in the GCI: (a) Survey data:These data are the results drawn from the World Economic Forum’s Executive Opinion Survey. (b) Hard data: These data come from indicators obtained from a variety of sources.  
GCI.12THPILLAR.XQ	12th pillar: Innovation	This indicator is a derived from the following indicators:  (a) Capacity for innovation (b) Quality of scientific research institutions (c) Company spending on Research & Development (d) University-industry collaboration in R&D (e) Government procurement of advanced tech product (f) Availability of scientist and engineers and (g) Utility patents per million population.	This indicator is a derived from the following indicators:  (a) Capacity for innovation (b) Quality of scientific research institutions (c) Company spending on R&D (d) University-industry collaboration in R&D (e) Gov’t procurement of advanced tech product (f) Availability of scientist and engineers and (g) Utility patents per million population.	The Global Competitiveness Report: various issues (http://gcr.weforum.org/).	Public Sector: Policy & institutions	Annual			Two types of data are used in the GCI: (a) Survey data:These data are the results drawn from the World Economic Forum’s Executive Opinion Survey. (b) Hard data: These data come from indicators obtained from a variety of sources.  
GCI.1STPILLAR.XQ	1st pillar: Institutions	This indicator is a derived from the following indicators:  (a) Property rights (b) Intellectual property protection (c) Diversion of public funds (d) Public trust of politicians (e) Irregular payments and bribes (f) Judicial independence (g) Favoritism in decisions of government officials (h) Wastefulness of government officials (i) Burden of government regulation (j) Efficiency of legal framework in settling disputes (k) Efficiency of legal framework in challenging regulations (l) Transparency of government policymaking (m) Business costs of terrorism (n) Business costs of crime and violence (o) Organized crime (p) Reliability of police services (q) Ethical behavior of firms (r) Strength of auditing and reporting standards (s) Efficacy of corporate boards (t) Protection of minority shareholders interests and (u) Strength of investor protection.	This indicator is a derived from the following indicators:  (a) Property rights (b) Intellectual property protection (c) Diversion of public funds (d) Public trust of politicians (e) Irregular payments and bribes (f) Judicial independence (g) Favoritism in decisions of government officials (h) Wastefulness of government officials (i) Burden of government regulation (j) Efficiency of legal framework in settling disputes (k) Efficiency of legal framework in challenging regulations (l) Transparency of government policymaking (m) Business costs of terrorism (n) Business costs of crime and violence (o) Organized crime (p) Reliability of police services (q) Ethical behavior of firms (r) Strength of auditing and reporting standards (s) Efficacy of corporate boards (t) Protection of minority shareholders interests and (u) Strength of investor protection.	The Global Competitiveness Report: various issues (http://gcr.weforum.org/).	Public Sector: Policy & institutions	Annual			Two types of data are used in the GCI: (a) Survey data:These data are the results drawn from the World Economic Forum’s Executive Opinion Survey. (b) Hard data: These data come from indicators obtained from a variety of sources.  
GCI.2NDPILLAR.XQ	2nd pillar: Infrastructure	This indicator is a derived from the following indicators: (a) Quality of overall infrastructure (b) Quality of roads (c) Quality of railroad infrastructure (d) Quality of port infrastructure (e) Quality of air transport infrastructure (f) Available airline seat kilometers (g) Quality of electricity supply (h) Fixed telephone lines and (i) Mobile telephone subscriptions.	This indicator is a derived from the following indicators: - (a) Quality of overall infrastructure (b) Quality of roads (c) Quality of railroad infrastructure (d) Quality of port infrastructure (e) Quality of air transport infrastructure (f) Available airline seat kilometers (g) Quality of electricity supply (h) Fixed telephone lines and (i) Mobile telephone subscriptions.	The Global Competitiveness Report: various issues (http://gcr.weforum.org/).	Public Sector: Policy & institutions	Annual			Two types of data are used in the GCI: (a) Survey data:These data are the results drawn from the World Economic Forum’s Executive Opinion Survey. (b) Hard data: These data come from indicators obtained from a variety of sources.  
GCI.3RDPILLAR.XQ	3rd pillar: Macroeconomic stability	This indicator is a derived from the following indicators: (a) Government budget balance (b) National savings rate (c) Inflation (d) Interest rate spread (e) Government debt and (f) Country credit rating. 	This indicator is a derived from the following indicators: - (a) Government budget balance (b) National savings rate (c) Inflation (d) Interest rate spread (e) Government debt and (f) Country credit rating. 	The Global Competitiveness Report: various issues (http://gcr.weforum.org/).	Public Sector: Policy & institutions	Annual			Two types of data are used in the GCI: (a) Survey data:These data are the results drawn from the World Economic Forum’s Executive Opinion Survey. (b) Hard data: These data come from indicators obtained from a variety of sources.  
GCI.4THPILLAR.XQ	4th pllar: Health and primary education	This indicator is a derived from the following indicators: (a) Business impact of malaria (b) Malaria incidence (c) Business impact of tuberculosis (d) Tuberculosis incidence (e) Business impact of HIV/AIDS (f) HIV prevalence (g) Infant mortality (h) Life expectancy (i) Quality of primary education and (j) Primary education enrollment rate.	This indicator is a derived from the following indicators: - (a) Business impact of malaria (b) Malaria incidence (c) Business impact of tuberculosis (d) Tuberculosis incidence (e) Business impact of HIV/AIDS (f) HIV prevalence (g) Infant mortality (h) Life expectancy (i) Quality of primary education and (j) Primary education enrollment rate.	The Global Competitiveness Report: various issues (http://gcr.weforum.org/).	Public Sector: Policy & institutions	Annual			Two types of data are used in the GCI: (a) Survey data:These data are the results drawn from the World Economic Forum’s Executive Opinion Survey. (b) Hard data: These data come from indicators obtained from a variety of sources.  
GCI.5THPILLAR.XQ	5th pillar: Higher education and training	This indicator is a derived from the following indicators: (a) Secondary enrollment (b) Tertiary enrollment (c) Quality of the educational system  (d) Quality of math and science education (e) Quality of management schools (f) Internet access in schools (g) Local availability of research and training services and (h) Extent of staff training.	This indicator is a derived from the following indicators: - (a) Secondary enrollment (b) Tertiary enrollment (c) Quality of the educational system  (d) Quality of math and science education (e) Quality of management schools (f) Internet access in schools (g) Local availibity of research and training services and (h) Extent of staff training.	The Global Competitiveness Report: various issues (http://gcr.weforum.org/).	Public Sector: Policy & institutions	Annual			Two types of data are used in the GCI: (a) Survey data:These data are the results drawn from the World Economic Forum’s Executive Opinion Survey. (b) Hard data: These data come from indicators obtained from a variety of sources.  
GCI.6THPILLAR.XQ	6th pillar: Goods market efficiency	This indicator is a derived from the following indicators: (a) Intensity of local competition (b) Extent of market dominance (c) Effectiveness of anti-monopoly policy (d) Extent and effect of taxation (e) Total tax rate  (f) Number of procedures required to start a business (g) Time required to start a business (h) Agricultural policy costs (i) Prevalence of trade barriers (j) Trade tariffs (k) Prevalence of foreign ownership (l) Business impact of rules on FDI (m) Burden of customs procedures (n) Degree of customer orientation and (o) Buyer sophistication.	This indicator is a derived from the following indicators: - (a) Intensity of local competition (b) Extent of market dominance (c) Effectiveness of anti-monopoly policy (d) Extent and effect of taxation (e) Total tax rate  (f) Number of procedures required to start a business (g) Time required to start a business (h) Agricultural policy costs (i) Prevalence of trade barriers (j) Trade tariffs (k) Prevalence of foreign ownership (l) Business impact of rules on FDI (m) Burden of customs procedures (n) Degree of customer orientation and (o) Buyer sophistication.	The Global Competitiveness Report: various issues (http://gcr.weforum.org/).	Public Sector: Policy & institutions	Annual			Two types of data are used in the GCI: (a) Survey data:These data are the results drawn from the World Economic Forum’s Executive Opinion Survey. (b) Hard data: These data come from indicators obtained from a variety of sources.  
GCI.7THPILLAR.XQ	7th pillar: Labor market efficiency	This indicator is a derived from the following indicators: (a) Cooperation in labor-employer relations (b) Flexibility of wage determination (c) Rigidity of employment (d) Hiring and firing practices (e) Firing costs  (f) Pay and productivity (g) Reliance on professional management (g) Brain drain and (h) Female participation in labor force.	This indicator is a derived from the following indicators: - (a) Cooperation in labor-employer relations (b) Flexibility of wage determination (c) Rigidity of employment (d) Hiring and firing practices (e) Firing costs  (f) Pay and productivity (g) Reliance on professional management (g) Brain drain and (h) Female participation in labor force.	The Global Competitiveness Report: various issues (http://gcr.weforum.org/).	Public Sector: Policy & institutions	Annual			Two types of data are used in the GCI: (a) Survey data:These data are the results drawn from the World Economic Forum’s Executive Opinion Survey. (b) Hard data: These data come from indicators obtained from a variety of sources.  
GCI.8THPILLAR.XQ	8th pillar: Financial market sophistication	This indicator is a derived from the following indicators: (a) Availability of financial services (b) Affordability of financial services  (c) Financing through local equity market (d) Ease of access to loans (e) Venture capital availability  (f) Restriction on capital flows (g) Soundness of banks (h) Regulation of securities exchanges and (i) Legal rights index.	This indicator is a derived from the following indicators: - (a) Availability of financial services (b) Affordability of financial services  (c) Financing through local equity market (d) Ease of access to loans (e) Venture capital availability  (f) Restriction on capital flows (g) Soundness of banks (h) Regulation of securities exchanges and (i) Legal rights index.	The Global Competitiveness Report: various issues (http://gcr.weforum.org/).	Public Sector: Policy & institutions	Annual			Two types of data are used in the GCI: (a) Survey data:These data are the results drawn from the World Economic Forum’s Executive Opinion Survey. (b) Hard data: These data come from indicators obtained from a variety of sources.  
GCI.9THPILLAR.XQ	9th pillar: Techonological readiness	This indicator is a derived from the following indicators: (a) Availability of latest technologies (b) Firm-level technology absorption (c) FDI and technology transfer (d) Internet users  (f) Broadband Internet subscriptions and  (g) Internet bandwidth.	This indicator is a derived from the following indicators: - (a) Availability of latest technologies (b) Firm-level technology absorption (c) FDI and technology transfer (d) Internet users  (f)Broadband Internet subscriptions and  (g) Internet bandwidth.	The Global Competitiveness Report: various issues (http://gcr.weforum.org/).	Public Sector: Policy & institutions	Annual			Two types of data are used in the GCI: (a) Survey data:These data are the results drawn from the World Economic Forum’s Executive Opinion Survey. (b) Hard data: These data come from indicators obtained from a variety of sources.  
IC.FRM.FINA.ZS	Access to finance (% of firms identifying this as a major constraint)	Percentage of firms identifying access/cost of finance as a major constraint. The computation of the indicator is based on the rating of the obstacle as a potential constraint to the current operations of the establishment.  	Percentage of firms identifying access/cost of finance as a major constraint. The computation of the indicator is based on the rating of the obstacle as a potential constraint to the current operations of the establishment.  	World Bank, Enterprise Surveys (http://www.enterprisesurveys.org/).	Private Sector & Trade: Business environment	Annual			
IC.CNS.LAND.ZS	Access to Land (% of managers surveyed ranking this as a major constraint)	Is the share of senior managers who ranked access to land as a major or very severe constraint.  	Is the share of senior managers who ranked access to land as a major or very severe constraint.  	World Bank, Enterprise Surveys (http://www.enterprisesurveys.org/).	Private Sector & Trade: Business environment	Annual			
DT.DTA.OADJ.CD	Adjustment to Arrears	Adjustment to Arrears. 	Adjustment to Arrears. 	World Bank country economists.	Economic Policy & Debt: External debt: Debt outstanding	Annual			
GB.TDS.ABRD.CN	Adjustments to foreign scheduled debt service (current LCU)	Debt is the entire stock of direct government fixed-term contractual obligations to others outstanding on a particular date such as money deposits, securities, shares and loans.  Data are in current local currency.  	Debt is the entire stock of direct government fixed-term contractual obligations to others outstanding on a particular date such as money deposits, securities, shares and loans.  Data are in current local currency.  	World Bank country economists	Public Sector: Government finance: Expense	Annual			
GB.AMA.ABRD.CN	Adjustments to foreign scheduled principal repayments (current LCU)	Principal repayments are actual amounts of principal (amortization) paid in foreign currency, goods, or services in the year specified.  	Principal repayments are actual amounts of principal (amortization) paid in foreign currency, goods, or services in the year specified.  	World Bank country economists	Public Sector: Government finance: Deficit & financing	Annual			
DT.TDA.DECT.CD	Adjustments to scheduled debt service (current US$)	Adjustment to scheduled debt service equals debt service not paid plus debt service arrears reductions and prepayments. Data are denominated in U.S. dollars.  	Adjustment to scheduled debt service equals debt service not paid plus debt service arrears reductions and prepayments. Data are denominated in U.S. dollars.  	World Bank, Global Development Finance.	Economic Policy & Debt: External debt: Debt service	Annual			
DT.INA.DECT.CD	Adjustments to scheduled interest (current US$)	Interest due is actual amounts of interest due in foreign currency, goods, or services in the year specified.  Interest payments are actual amounts of interest paid in foreign currency, goods, or services in the year specified. This item includes interest paid on long-term debt, IMF charges, and interest paid on short-term debt. Long-term external debt is defined as debt that has an original or extended maturity of more than one year and that is owed to nonresidents and repayable in foreign currency, goods, or services. Short-term external debt is defined as debt that has an original maturity of one year or less. Available data permit no distinction between public and private nonguaranteed short-term debt.  Data are in current U.S. dollars.  	Interest due is actual amounts of interest due in foreign currency, goods, or services in the year specified.  Interest payments are actual amounts of interest paid in foreign currency, goods, or services in the year specified. This item includes interest paid on long-term debt, IMF charges, and interest paid on short-term debt. Long-term external debt is defined as debt that has an original or extended maturity of more than one year and that is owed to nonresidents and repayable in foreign currency, goods, or services. Short-term external debt is defined as debt that has an original maturity of one year or less. Available data permit no distinction between public and private nonguaranteed short-term debt.  Data are in current U.S. dollars.  	World Bank, Global Development Finance.	Economic Policy & Debt: External debt: Interest	Annual			
SP.POP.DPND	Age dependency ratio (% of working-age population)	Age dependency ratio is the ratio of dependents--people younger than 15 or older than 64--to the working-age population--those ages 15-64. Data are shown as the proportion of dependents per 100 working-age population.	Age dependency ratio is the ratio of dependents--people younger than 15 or older than 64--to the working-age population--those ages 15-64. Data are shown as the proportion of dependents per 100 working-age population.	World Bank staff estimates from various sources including census reports, the United Nations Population Division's World Population Prospects, national statistical offices, household surveys conducted by national agencies, and Macro International.	Health: Population: Dynamics	Annual	Weighted average	Annual data series are interpolated from 5-year period data. Therefore they may not reflect real events as much as observed data.	
SP.POP.DPND.OL	Age dependency ratio, old (% of working-age population)	Age dependency ratio, old, is the ratio of older dependents--people older than 64--to the working-age population--those ages 15-64. Data are shown as the proportion of dependents per 100 working-age population.	Age dependency ratio, old, is the ratio of older dependents--people older than 64--to the working-age population--those ages 15-64. Data are shown as the proportion of dependents per 100 working-age population.	World Bank staff estimates from various sources including census reports, the United Nations Population Division's World Population Prospects, national statistical offices, household surveys conducted by national agencies, and Macro International.	Health: Population: Dynamics	Annual	Weighted average	Annual data series are interpolated from 5-year period data. Therefore they may not reflect real events as much as observed data.	
SP.POP.DPND.YG	Age dependency ratio, young (% of working-age population)	Age dependency ratio, young, is the ratio of younger dependents--people younger than 15--to the working-age population--those ages 15-64. Data are shown as the proportion of dependents per 100 working-age population.	Age dependency ratio, young, is the ratio of younger dependents--people younger than 15--to the working-age population--those ages 15-64. Data are shown as the proportion of dependents per 100 working-age population.	World Bank staff estimates from various sources including census reports, the United Nations Population Division's World Population Prospects, national statistical offices, household surveys conducted by national agencies, and Macro International.	Health: Population: Dynamics	Annual	Weighted average	Annual data series are interpolated from 5-year period data. Therefore they may not reflect real events as much as observed data.	
IC.FRM.AGE.YR	Age of firm (years)	Age of the firm based on the year in which the firm began operations.	Age of the firm based on the year in which the firm began operations.	World Bank, Enterprise Surveys (http://www.enterprisesurveys.org/).	Private Sector & Trade: Business environment	Annual			
AG.LND.IRIG.HA.AG	Agricultural area irrigated	Agricultural area irrigated, part of the full or partial control irrigated agricultural land which is actually irrigated in a given year. Often, part of the equipped area is not irrigated for various reasons, such as lack of water, absence of farmers, land degradation, damage, organisational problems etc. 	Agricultural area irrigated, part of the full or partial control irrigated agricultural land which is actually irrigated in a given year. Often, part of the equipped area is not irrigated for various reasons, such as lack of water, absence of farmers, land degradation, damage, organisational problems etc. 	Food and Agriculture Organization, electronic files and web site.	Environment: Land use	Annual			
